Adding DBS content (#4266)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/teacher-training-application.md

[Find tips for your teacher training interview](/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/teacher-training-interview). 

> ### Safeguarding checks

Author: ```suggestion
### Essential checks
```

> If you get offered a place on a course, your provider will arrange a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. This is a safeguarding certificate that you need in order to teach students under 18.

Author: ```suggestion
If you get offered a place on a course, your provider will arrange a background and criminal records check. This is known as a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. You must pass these checks in order to teach students under 18.
```
